New section on connection migration (#81)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-applicability.md

network elements such as firewalls that rely on the port number as a first order
of filtering.

# Connection Migration

> QUIC supports connection migration which means that even if the lower layer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QUIC supports connection migration. Even if lower-layer
```

> address information, usually the 4-tuple of IP addresses and ports, changes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
addresses (usually the 4-tuple of IP addresses and ports) changes,
```

> it can stull associate QUIC packets to an existing connection based on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QUIC packets can still be associated with an existing connection based on the
```

Connection ID (see also section {{#connid}}) in the QUIC header, if present.
This supports cases where address information changes due to e.g. NAT

> rebinding or change of the local interface. Currently QUIC only supports the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rebinding or change of the local interface. Currently QUIC only supports
```

> fallover cases, that means only one "path" can be used at a time and as soon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
failover cases. Only one "path" can be used at a time, and as soon
```
